Make layered attester example diagram be less abstract (#337)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

After the boot sequence is started, the BIOS conducts the
most important and defining feature of layered attestation, which is that
the successfully measured bootloader
now becomes (or contains) an Attesting Environment for the next layer.
This procedure in layered attestation is sometimes called "staging".
It is important that the bootloader not be
able to alter any Claims about itself that were collected by the BIOS.
This can be ensured having those Claims be either signed by the BIOS

> or stored in an untamperable manner by the BIOS.

Reviewer: untamperable <- is this a word?  Not found in online dictionaries.
```suggestion
or stored in an temper-proof manner by the BIOS.
```
